README: What is Synapse (#337)
BLAST-AI-ML/synapse: README.md

# Synergistic Software Platform for AI, Physics Simulations, and Experiments (Synapse)

Synapse is a modular framework to build components of digital twins.
It supports operators of machines and experiments with ML-assisted predictions, trained on a combination of continously measured and simulated data.
Synapse embraces emerging [integrated research infrastructures](https://www.nersc.gov/what-we-do/computing-for-science/integrated-research-infrastructure), deploying a user-facing cloud service, using HPC/cloud compute, and exchanging modular components via container registries.

> At the moment, Synapse uses the NERSC Spin (control, dashboard), NERSC SuperFacilityAPI (simulation submission & ML training on PM), and NERSC container registry.

Reviewer: I think NERSC writes "Superfacility API" usually (lower-case "f" and a white space between the two words): https://docs.nersc.gov/services/sfapi/.

Also, I would suggest that we replace "PM" with "Perlmutter", since maybe the "PM" abbreviation is not obvious to everyone.

```suggestion
At the moment, Synapse uses the NERSC Spin (control, dashboard), NERSC Superfacility API (simulation submission & ML training on Perlmutter), and NERSC container registry.
```

> Synapse is actively developed and broadened to an AI-accelerated, portable framework as part of the [DOE Genesis Mission](https://genesis.energy.gov).

Reviewer 2: Hm, we are not yet officially part of Genesis, no? (In the sense that there has not yet even been a call for proposal for Genesis.)

## Overview

> Synapse is a software platform that enables experimental physicists to couple experimental data, simulations, and machine learning (ML) models trained on experimental and simulation data.

Author: Love that
